Robert

high

# Deposit Theft by Crashing LP Spot Prices Through MEV

## Summary
When depositing into an Ichi vault it allows a user to deposit all in a single token and determines the amount of vault shares they receive based off the price of that token in the second. This does not use twap but rather a combination of spot and twap in which it chooses the lesser of the two. There's protection against heavy manipulation occurring all on one block by checking if the difference between the two is greater than 5%, and failing if it is and if the last price change happened on the current block, but if the last price change was on a previous block it does not revert.

Multi-block MEV allows malicious actors to manipulate price over multiple blocks with no risk at all. They can easily manipulate token price down to near 0 on one block, a user tries to deposit on the next and gets almost $0 worth of vault shares for their tokens, vault shareholders pocket the extra tokens from the user's deposit, and token price is returned. With this, a user depositing into Blueberry could have their entire deposit stolen by a malicious actor. 

This is fairly easy to do now if you see your own block coming up, manipulate price through MEV on the block before that, then include victim transaction and repayment on your own block right after that (not technically needing MMEV). It will be even easier in the future when MMEV is included in Flashbots.

## Vulnerability Detail
0. Malicious attacker has validator or uses MMEV through flashbots.
1. Directly before a block they fully control, the validator manipulates token0 price in the LP pool to next to nothing.
2. On the next block, attacker flash loans a large amount of tokens to purchase Ichi Vault shares.
3. Attacker includes all pending user deposits into the pool that use that token. Each of these returns to the user almost nothing.
4. Attacker withdraws shares and included are the tokens that were stolen from users.

## Impact
User deposits will be stolen.

## Code Snippet
Price check only reverting on a large change if the block is the same as now:
https://etherscan.io/token/0x2a8E09552782563f7A076ccec0Ff39473B91Cd8F#code#L2807

Amount of shares relying on price:
https://etherscan.io/token/0x2a8E09552782563f7A076ccec0Ff39473B91Cd8F#code#L2829

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Check spot and twap price the same way IchiVault does but ensure they are within an allowed delta regardless of when price was last updated.
