0x52

medium

# User has no slippage protection if they choose to not to repay the debt tokens obtained from the swap in IchiVaultSpell

## Summary

When making the `swapPool#swap` subcall in `IchiVaultSpell#withdrawInternal` the swap is called with no slippage protection at all. Normally borrow tokens would be transferred from `IchiVaultSpell` by the bank to repay debt. If the swap doesn't yield enough borrow tokens to cover amountRepay then the transaction will revert when making the transfer. However, if the user does not wish to repay any borrow tokens then they have no slippage protection and their entire swap can be stolen via a sandwich attack.

## Vulnerability Detail

      if (amountToSwap > 0) {
          swapPool = IUniswapV3Pool(vault.pool());
          swapPool.swap(
              address(this),
              // if withdraw token is Token0, then swap token1 -> token0 (false)
              !isTokenA,
              int256(amountToSwap),
              isTokenA
                  ? UniV3WrappedLibMockup.MAX_SQRT_RATIO - 1 // Token0 -> Token1
                  : UniV3WrappedLibMockup.MIN_SQRT_RATIO + 1, // Token1 -> Token0
              abi.encode(address(this))
          );
      }

      // 5. Withdraw isolated collateral from Bank
      doWithdraw(collToken, amountShareWithdraw);

      // 6. Repay
      doRepay(borrowToken, amountRepay);

The `swapPool#swap` subcall in `IchiVaultSpell#withdrawInternal` does not provide any kind of slippage protection to the swap. The return values are not check and X96 limit is set to max. In the `doRepay` subcall, `amountRepay` is transferred to the bank and used to repay user debt. This is soft slippage protection as the transaction will revert if the swap doesn't yield at least `amountRepay`. However if the user doesn't wish to pay down any of their loan then they will have no slippage protection and can be maliciously sandwiched and a large portion of their funds stolen.

## Impact

User has no slippage protection when choosing not to repay debt

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry/blob/main/contracts/spell/IchiVaultSpell.sol#L276-L330

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement slippage protection by checking the return values from the `swapPool.swap` subcall