0xbrett8571

medium

# ERC-20 "SafeTransfer" susceptibility

## Summary
The contract depends on `safeTransfer` function of the IERC20Upgradeable interface to transfer the tokens, and this function is used to ensure a safe transfer of ERC-20 tokens, but there have been instances of the implementation of the `safeTransfer` function being vulnerable to attacks.

## Vulnerability Detail
`safeTransfer` function of the `IERC20Upgradeable` interface is used to transfer tokens, but there is a problem in some implementations. `safeTransfer` function, is known to have vulnerabilities.
```solidity
IERC20Upgradeable(token).safeTransfer(
    msg.sender,
    doBorrow(token, amount)
);
```
It can implement a function to transfer ERC-20 tokens that use the transfer function of the `IERC20Upgradeable` interface instead of the `safeTransfer` function. The transfer function is simpler and does not have the known vulnerabilities that have been found in the `safeTransfer` function.

## Impact
It could allow an attacker to manipulate the `safeTransfer` function and possibly transfer tokens to an unintended recipient or even drain the contract of all its entire tokens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry/blob/main/contracts/BlueBerryBank.sol#L730-L733

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use `transferFrom` function instead of the `safeTransfer` function. The `transferFrom` function is a safer alternative to the `safeTransfer` function, as it allows the contract to move tokens on behalf of the token owner, as long as the owner has approved the contract to do so, this way the token owner has control over the tokens being transferred and can limit the amount that can be moved.

The contract should request approval from the token owner to transfer the required amount of tokens, and then use the `transferFrom` function to move the tokens. 

Take this into consideration. The contract should check that the token owner has approved the contract to move tokens before calling the `transferFrom` function, you can do it using the allowance function of the `IERC20Upgradeable` interface.