y1cunhui

medium

# Duplicated oracle source should be restricted in `AggregatorOracle.sol`

## Summary
There is no detection of provided oracle sources duplication in `AggregatorOracle.sol`, which may lead to unintended single oracle price manipulation.
## Vulnerability Detail
In `AggregatorOracle.sol`, a token can use up to 3 oracle sources to prevent a single oracle from acting maliciously. However, there is no check for if there are same `PrimarySources` supplied. Although this function is `onlyOwner`, same sources address may also be provided unintentionally.
## Impact
If the owner wants to add 2 oracle sources for some token, while in the event that one of the oracle sources is compromised, the "max deviation" will limit the range of quotes to reduce losses. However, if the owner unintentionally set the 2 oracle sources to be the same, the deviation limitation becomes useless and the oracle can be manipulated arbitrarily. Even when the `PrimarySourceCount` is 3, if 2 of them are the same, the third honest source and the deviation limitation becomes useless too.

Since it's a function with `onlyOwner` modifier, I consider this to be medium.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry/blob/main/contracts/oracle/AggregatorOracle.sol#L65-L84
```solidity
function _setPrimarySources(
        address token,
        uint256 maxPriceDeviation,
        IBaseOracle[] memory sources
    ) internal {
        if (token == address(0)) revert ZERO_ADDRESS();
        if (
            maxPriceDeviation < MIN_PRICE_DEVIATION ||
            maxPriceDeviation > MAX_PRICE_DEVIATION
        ) revert OUT_OF_DEVIATION_CAP(maxPriceDeviation);
        if (sources.length > 3) revert EXCEED_SOURCE_LEN(sources.length);

        primarySourceCount[token] = sources.length;
        maxPriceDeviations[token] = maxPriceDeviation;
        for (uint256 idx = 0; idx < sources.length; idx++) {
            if (address(sources[idx]) == address(0)) revert ZERO_ADDRESS();
            primarySources[token][idx] = sources[idx];
        }
        emit SetPrimarySources(token, maxPriceDeviation, sources);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check of whether there are same sources for one token in `_setPrimarySources`.