XKET

medium

# There is no way to remove/change existing strategies in IchiVaultSpell

## Summary

`IchiVaultSpell` contract does not provide a way to remove/change existing strategies.

## Vulnerability Detail

An `IchiVaultSpell` contract can have multiple strategies and each strategy is connected to a proper vault (`IchiVault`).

```solidity
IchiVaultSpell.sol
72:     /**
73:      * @notice Owner privileged function to add vault
74:      * @param vault Address of ICHI angel vault
75:      * @param maxPosSize, USD price based maximum size of a position for given vault, based 1e18
76:      */
77:     function addStrategy(address vault, uint256 maxPosSize) external onlyOwner {
78:         if (vault == address(0)) revert ZERO_ADDRESS();
79:         if (maxPosSize == 0) revert ZERO_AMOUNT();
80:         strategies.push(Strategy({vault: vault, maxPositionSize: maxPosSize}));
81:         emit StrategyAdded(strategies.length - 1, vault, maxPosSize);
82:     }
```

I assume the protocol will deploy one `IchiVaultSpell` and attach multiple strategies to that Spell.
The problem is that there is no way to disable/remove/change an existing strategy in the current implementation.
I understand that the Spell can be blacklisted in the `BlueBerryBank.sol` but it will disbale all the strategies attached to the Spell.
This can be a problem when there is a problem with a starategy.
It is notable that there can be many `IchiVault` instances according to different Uniswap pool keys (i.e. `token0, token1, fee`), and it is possible that some vaults become useless or exploited in the future.
In that case, the only option for the protocol is to blacklist the Spell and re-deploy with correct strategies attached again.

## Impact

If a malicious/errorneous strategy is found, there is no way to blacklist that specific strategy.
The protocol would need to stop the whole Spell deployment and re-deploy it with changed strategies.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry/blob/main/contracts/spell/IchiVaultSpell.sol#L77

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a new variable `whitelistedStrategies` in the `IchiVaultSpell` contract to manage strategies.
