0x52

high

# Liquidation logic is incorrect when user has debt to more than one bank

## Summary

The logic in BlueBerrryBank#liquidate gives the liquidator collateral based on the amount of debt share repaid. The issues is that is uses the debt share for the specific debt token being repaid. If the user has debt to multiple banks then repaying one of the debt tokens will award all the user's collateral but leave them with debt to the other banks. The result is that all other debt is now bad because all the collateral has been removed.

## Vulnerability Detail

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry/blob/main/contracts/BlueBerryBank.sol#L522-L535

BlueBerryBank#liquidate pays the liquidator user collateral in proportion to the percentage of the debt repaid. This works fine when the user only has debt to one bank. This system breaks down when there is more than one token owed. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry/blob/main/contracts/BlueBerryBank.sol#L765-L770

repayInternal returns the relative share of debt of a single debt token. However liquidate awards the liquidator that same relative portion of the ENTIRE collateral pool. This means that the liquidator is award the entire pool of collateral for liquidating only a single debt token.

Example:
A user deposits 100 USDC. They use it to borrow 40 USDT and 40 BUSD, as a result of this borrowing the user now has a 0.1 debt share in both USDT and BUSD. The user opens a position and after sometime the value has decreased and the user needs to be liquidated. The liquidator repays 40 USDT, reducing the USDT debt share of the position to 0. The liquidator now receives 100 USDC. The 40 BUSD debt is still unpaid and is now bad.

This can also be abused. Imagine a user were to instead borrow 79 BUSD and 1 USDT. They can purposefully cause their position to become liquidatable then repay 1 USDT to recover all their USDC and the entire yield position.

## Impact

Liquidations of positions with multiple borrowed tokens will make large amounts of bad debt

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry/blob/main/contracts/BlueBerryBank.sol#L511-L572

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The entire liquidation function needs to be reworked to handle multiple debt tokens.